That's okay.
It's very interesting that he speaks for you, Mr. Ji
When I face unfair treatment
You didn't stand up in time to argue for me
Prove that someone else is helping me now
You dislike it's not me
I was originally what
Do you want to stand up for me or watch me make a fool of myself?
That's really interesting.
Why did you remember to contact me?
What!
Ok then I'll come back
You said you took me out to play
Why are you in a daze by the roadside?
Not in a daze
I am learning
What to study
Learning how to fall in love
Why are you learning this at a young age?
I'm going to find myself a dad
How's your education going?
Look at that couple
The uncle will chase after him immediately
Hug that aunt
The two will be fine soon.
Oh, how did you know that?